So we've done a lot as far as
routing we've done all this stuff.
But then something that's probably gonna
come to your mind at this point is you're
probably thinking wait what
about page metadata stuff.
Because if you actually look at our page
this whole time the page titles not very
friendly.
It just says the URL.
We can do better than that.
But the question is how?
And so
we talked about composable before and so
composable they're gonna be everywhere in
your life when you work with U3 and Nuxt
because we're trying to make your life
easier by providing you helper functions.
So to show you how this works, let's say
we wanna go inside of the homepage, right?
Index.view this is fairly straightforward.
How might we do this?
Well we actually have a composable
called useHead, so in other words,
it's a function that takes an object
where we can define properties that would
normally go inside the head
section of the HTML.
So if I type the title here and I'm just,
this is an Oompa Loompa title and
then I open this up hey, look at that.
That page title Oompa Loompa that easy,
right?
So you can certainly pass in dynamic
variables and that kind of stuff but
here's the thing though, right?
From here you might be, okay, well what if
I wanted to find a link rel stylesheet.
Well, because you're in JavaScript land
it would look something like this.
It be link, an array, an array of
objects where what is its type.
It's a rel and a rel of what?
Style sheet, and then you gotta comma it,
and be, wait the h ref is this.
And it's, I don't know you, it's kind
of awkward to type properties this way.
And luckily the Nuxt team thought
the same thing to they're, yeah,
we should let people
do it another way too.
And so what they did was, which again,
is gonna feel really weird at first.
What they've done is they've
actually created these built in
components that are basically native HTML.
Elements, but they're all capitalized.
And they're special,
because these are things that are going to
get hoisted into how the page is built.
So they have nothing to
do at a component level.
So you shouldn't be looking at this
thinking, this is a multi root component.
No, this here is really
just configuration.
So we could do for
example is we can go title.
What can I,
Water Bottle [LAUGH] there you go.
And then we can see wallah,
Water Bottle, at the top.
But then what's nice now is that if
you wanna import like font awesome and
all those things,
rather than having to break up what
they normally ask you to import, right?
Which is some sort of link so
example if it's like Import font,
awesome CDN, for example, right?
Normally, it's you get some sort of,
like this,
just for example, let's say this
thing we're trying to copy in.
Normally in the past, you'd have to go in
and convert this into a JavaScript object,
which is just kind of a pain.
But now, you can just load it in directly
as long as you just make sure to
capitalize the component correctly,
and then this will work.
This will get hoisted and
it'll be part of your page.
And the reason this is super exciting
is because now more so than ever,
it becomes easier to actually split apart
the resources that matter to certain parts
of your app.
Because for those who have been in
the industry for a little while,
we used to limit designers from including
certain number of fonts because we didn't
want them to actually get blown across,
right?
And so don't get me wrong,
you can always customize it.
But this makes it even easier now to be,
on this specific component
when it's loaded.
Yeah, we need some cursive font to do
some really cool design thing, but
that's the only time we ever need it.
And the way it's scoped together because
of single file components makes it so
easy to figure that out immediately.
Right and this is an advantage to
the way they've architected this is for
that modularity and
scoping things together.
>> Really quick one, I'm sorry
>> Yeah please
>> Html head title link these components
are built in via Nuxt not via
>> Yes,
these are Nuxt's components where this is
also why the Pascal case naming convention
is consistent with me is because If we
lowercase this, this will not work.
It will not work.
In fact it'll read it as normal HTML.
But because we're hoisting this stuff,
and it's meant for
like configuration purposes,
that's the reason why it's capitalized.
And so by the way, you don't actually need
the HTML, you can actually just do head,
just like that.
This will work too.
But HTML, for example, you can imagine,
especially on translations,
you might need to specify
different language attributes.
This is a common thing too, especially as
people have international sites and stuff.
So this is, again, is this kind of
thinking index improvements that
I really enjoy about seeing what the Nuxt
team comes out with as they see different
size projects move through the things.